"my quick wall is quick fail"
"this zebra is asshole"
"Build faster you little fuckers."
"time for what we've all been waiting for. time for a dautCastle"
"Everything is invisible to me"
"You know the best thing, if I get divorced I probably have to pay nothing because I'm unemployed"
"I will bench you so hard that you will never stand up."
I don't need to micro. I have hill
I don't need people to die man!
"Look at this Daut mill. Best mill in the game!"
"Maybe I should shave before the stream. Then again, who gives a shit!"
"You see gold, you make mining camp..."
"He challenged me in Vodka war. He will fail."
"Even wolf is being an asshole"
"... and you let JORDAAAAN play?!"
Forest Nothing is like freaking game of thrones man!
"They are hand, and they are cannons"
Nothing type of maps are quite fun
Kiss me you beautiful son of a bitch!
I will send friend request to mbl
ok, ok, lets patrol this army and never look at them again...
I need to balance troll
"I'm a professional." - DauT 2018
"i'm going around here fuck off of me" DauT to Viper during Nomad 2v2 Tourney
i send 1k wood. i'm a good teammate
"They are standing, but they are coming."
"what happened man we once had beautiful army and now it's gone"
"if I transition now, Jordi will say I told you so, can't have that man"
I miss my secret boys
daut who would win in a bo3 bean or smarthy? ... how the fuck should i know man?
every girl wants to go where daut go
"I'm not Liereyy, I'm not losing my age." Daut on his 33rd Birthday
you're going down little man!
I kinda promised girlfriend I would spend the night with her, screw that, bushnite man! dautBush
i need to spend time with my girlfriend, she still thinks im playing tournament man! dautWat
i'm proper Lara Croft now dautWat
"Long time no see my son" DauT coz he is sleeping all day
Usually when i travel i tend to come back with much less bags
I deserve to be trolled
come to my healing spot man!
hope u lost villager
You are proper Jordan Tati
close us man!
"Don't let my castle be DauT!"
They place me above you. So they place me correct
It's hard to play Viper cuz he always make stupid moves, so you think he's stupid. But sometimes he have a plan
"if only AoC was turn based like chess"
do i think viper is gay? well that's now a proper question
I know shisha is bad for health, but i dont plan to live forever.
"if your girlfriend is cheating on you go for man at arms"
talk with viper for 24hs that's a dream
Tomorrow! tomorrow i will practice 1v1s all day
I'm a fast fucker
tell me viper, how does it feels to cast my games every weekend?
Ppl with more than 1 kid desirve so much respect
56 doesnt deserve a quote
Art of troll is really good at what he's doing
shit goes wrong when i'm not there
Who can hate me?
my luring skills are good, i should be fine
Viper is full gossip girl of aoc
U live in snow viper. only thing u can do is sit and play
when u have lead you fantasy play
xD
Samurai counter Cav Archers that makes no sense man!
If u get a boy in the first try. why keep trying?
Time goes faster when u sleep all day
BAM! ... BAAAM!! ... come on i said BAM! there u go
"It's a rainbow day here! KappaPride It's like I'm playing against 10 players here"
"I'm not 2k anymore, man!" - DauT 2018
ok ok i'm dedicated to kill this deer
i will still find a way to lose this villager
never be nice man never be nice.
every gold in the map is my gold
sacrifice nicov is like main strategy for every player
The wolf is outmicroing me
"You are such a nicov" DauT to Tati cuz he fast gg after one attack
"I show up for events... sooner or later" - DauT NAC1 2018
NIli said "u guys can drink all this beer that i bought?" and i was like FUCK YEAH!!!
if u wanna learn how to micro watch my stream. if u wanna learn macro watch Edie
imagine they using our strategy and getting destroyed in ecl
You are jealous of people with hair viper
Ok ok. just sit there and don't die
ok Memb i will do what you are saying because your are older than me and i respect you
Tati u are the king of the migration and the king of the sling
my girl give me food man yours not
Attack ground should be removed from this game
Tati is nice guy.. Only I can make him mad dautKing
i should go take my family. but my gf is not answering so... Let's play one more!
I can't be new Viper! i was Viper before Viper
That moment when you realize Viper is the longest sub you got. You ask to yourself what the fuck are you doing with your life
more mods i have, less stuff i have to do
I like to mod people dautWat
"I don't like to micro to be honest"
I'll go inside next time man
This hill I like... I take!
get converted fucker!
i always try hard
I only killed spearmen man!
Can you come to my tc?
Can you tell me what you're doing, cause I don't have scout
it's like I like to be stupid man!
oh fuck sake, you and your fricking timing man.
you have a problem, just make a gate.
"What tati? u can't go sleep! we are doing bushnite after this! grassDaut " DauT to Tatoh during bo37
time to reboom
What are you eating? Thats cheating
screw u fire. now i want bact to qualify
fuck this! i'm throwing now!
i'm super professional compared to fire
I love my sleep schedule when its fucked
"hope u don't qualify to kotd" Daut to mbl after losing 2 vills in dark age to mbl scout
I will make nicov drunk and he will do secret things
who boosted me to 2k? 20 years of experience man
When your main army is 5 spearmen, you know you are fucked
Report? report who? i report u now dautWat
"how is his hill bigger than mine!"
ok guys! keep making fun of viper while i go eat
Viper: "Daut? why u stream so early?" / Daut: "Because i'm fresh. I'm always fresh"
“I love F1re, he is my favorite player”
if fire is coming i will come as well. I need to troll him
And me... I'm looking promising as well
"Oh I have vils! What is the purpose of villagers?" - DauT 2018
I will make Tati quit aoc again
All i want for christmas is extra gold dautWat
Oh i'm host. was wondering why the game wasn't starting
That kinda fucks my aggression
Hello miguel, happy birthday, u have your best birthday present! Fire losing
"If i was Fire i will kill my self" daut casting Bact Vs Fire
We need to gather money for an elevator for nili's building
mbl playstyle can create serial killers
Viper must be laughing at us like "Ha ha ha kiss me honey"
oh man i royally fucked up
Don't call me MbL man.
T90 only knows how to play Forest Nothing and he even sucks at that!
fuck that's cheating, not even I can micro that man!
why is everybody buying food? I wanna buy food. Food is my friend man!
it's such a fast game actually, my APM can't handle this! dautWat
NOOOO don't resign yet! i want to kill u!
I have camel archers now, you can't resign. That's the rules man!
I miss the old me... I was a cool guy
That's lazy play. I do it often
i'm hard to catch
Redemption is the counter to Redemption! New meta confirmed!
the best way to sellout is beg for the sub dautSellout
dautWat I am topscore? I did not expect to be top score! dautKiss
Vaat? You're using that gold without asking? He did not even ask me! dautWat
Vaaat? Comeback was possible. Never give up man, don't do a Nicov!
look at my tg rating man... i'm such a jordan
"look at mbl, picking yellow. We are bald we are from norway we are yellow!"
oh it's a hole-a? fuck my life! losing all eco!
why do I make castle? it's hard to resist not to make castle!
Stop killing my villagers let me build economy!
Vaat? Everybody can get to 2.3k, what's wrong these days?
apparently in germany viper is funny
he is just dying man! he doesn't care
Nobody can plan kid, if it happens it happens man!
"When someone holds your hand, you hold it back"
wall me in man. make me a tower.
I will go out and lost all my army
"this fast imp will not work" DauT trying to go drush into condos
Who is trolling now!!!
i thought it will work cuz fire man! he's not the smartest guy
"vaat? only 2 points... well u don't worth more than this" DauT to MBL after beating him in chess
"OH! STOP PLAYING LIKE MBL!!!!" Daut to Mbl
"oh viper stop making mining camps in the woodlines"
"maybe I should have pocket.. maybe you should go fuck yourself" DauT to MbL
"look at this micro viper! oh? what? u don't have carto? then why i'm taking this fight?" DauT going into micro war with xbos vs mangos
"how is red score? oh is lower than mine" and daut procede with the fantasy play
should i tell my teammate that all his trade carts stoped... mmmm no, he's top score
i'll take grey color to counter Bact invisible color
when u think u fuck up
this si looking so much BAM now dautBam
You are learning the ways of prostagma viper
Bolt your ass man!
Go little useless fucks!
i will outlast everybody
I don't want to be in discord with you man
I guess i will mangonel your TC
one day I will wall in my towers
"don't fuck around with arambai man I will fucking kill you"
Dance is cheating
"Burmese siege onagers? I'm not st4rk I can't make those man"
"I need a 10 minute break man, I'm an old fuck"
i could sell stone and then kill myself
"my son prefers keyboard so he will be a macro player" DauT logic cuz his son likes to smash keyboard instead of mouse LUL
I wish to get sponsor of sisha so i get one sisha girl preparing sisha for me all day
i want to hit you
i'm humble facka man
everybody who knows me in person is a lucky person
"This is the type of map i like. just relax and smoke sisha" daut while playing extreme michi
Forest nothing is actually so tense at the beginning
sorry tati wasn't listen to you. i was spinning on chair
There is no such thing as too many monks
oh yes we need to ban malay for them... but they probably didn't prepare so let's ban a meso civ
you're on a boat? a motherfucking boat!
"I'm not supposed to talk about that, or is it announced?"
T90 we could have been the winners... well i could be the winner and you my sidekick
"I do not have Snapchat I am over 20 years old and I am also human and male"
that was a dumb fuck
Time for plan B!
"200 quotes? time to write a book"
"He knows the way man, better get my own cutters"
he betray me before i betray him
if i was fully myself on stream twitch would ban me
ey, you are not allowed to have that as an army!
Is that really a question? Of course New Eagles man, look how pretty they look!
Spit on it fucking sake
he will never see it coming! oh man he saw it
I feel special dautLove
Do u think i will read whatsapp? i only read twitch chat... and only in between games Kappa
"First we steal your game, now we steal your viewers! Who is the biggest lamer now!" daut after mbl host him
Have you met my friend Stu? Stu Pidasso? -ArtOfTheTroll
I can't quick wall everything I'm not that good
Let's end the game with this little pretty units fighting
"fly little guys! fly!!! I BELIEVE U CAN FLY!!!" Daut trying to garrison vills one tile away from tower
U never have enough forward villagers
"I hope hico is not watching this stream" Daut 15min after getting 10k dono
You eat banana
Stop microing or i will get ballistic!
everything that mbl says is correct
"will totally not make fun of tati if he lose" DauT watching Tatoh Vs St4rk
i'm going to be a good little husband and take my gf to doctor dautKing
"you are not attractive you are fat fuck" Daut to F1re
You are not a good player cuz you can't find your sheep
F1re: "where are you taking gold?" DauT: "Wherever the fuck i want man"
"I am a little bitch"
are u going party with your grandmother?
everything turn from a little bit wrong into DISASTER!
I'm not training viper i'm giving him false hopes
oh man they fuck me in the ass... was not pleasant
I'm not medic man. I'm bush
don't land where u r going to get shooted
When u live in an island everything is in the way to manchester
I will rush this lovely fucker
Best way to fix this is shit tons of TCs
every poem is a valid one
Top score! Top fucking score!!!
"it's a safe castle, not a daut castle" dautCastle
thats why hand cannoneers suck you need to babysit them all the time
Worst thing would be if i finish my 5tc boom and all my allies are dead and have to resign
"DauT is out" is funny because it rhymes
"Is a showmatch! IS A SHOWMATCH YOU FUCK!!! .... ok ok he will pay for that" daut after fire lamed his vill
Maybe i can trap them all... or die trying
that's a jordan bam
to be in the same team with fire again is my dream
i will go maa yolo or some shit to end this
time to join heresy
No Jordan can beat me
I can't wait to see you again mbl
Help? Where? Oh no that's too far away from me
Oh full wall... this should put an end to my tower rush... That's what he will like to think
oh come on! you are spanish and you are villagers
I didn't plan to do that. But I like it
"get armour man, knights are shit without it'
"well stop microing if you wanna fight with honour"
This will be named Jordan villager
Freaking luck wasted in practice
"hopefully I go to his economy before he comes to mine, heh heh nice spider senses"
"I feel like I am playing this game like MbL"
hit you fuckers AHHH!
what? I am top score?
If there is a nac3 and fire and me qualify i will pay individual room
If fire was vipers roomate he wouldn't have won nac finals
when I am with Jordan, it's hard not to laugh!
I know how to handle my night life
I'm not your content! I'm my own content
"We are not splitting. That bit is whole mine" Daut about to play a showmatch with 1bit as prizepool
towers are our future, not kids
How i'm top score if i had nothing?
How do u tower rush someone who has no economy man?!
he wants to kamehame my ass man!
Tatoh can't go to sleep he is too excited watching me microing
my patrol is broken
don't micro the ram man! let it die!
every time i lame something die inside me
mbl should pay a fee for those sheeps
"Luring is for tryhards"
Not a single kill? that was supposed to be a double kill!
When mbl is the responsible guy from your team. You are doomed
"I read people minds! do u see that!"
"Where is my team? my team is disappearing!!!" Daut playing tg with memb and britney
Go for the rattan fuckers!!
This game is full of Daut castles
When u r playing with Memb u never look at the score!
Why are we on teamspeak? to make the loss funnier
no no no no... it was good... good for them i mean
I don't want to be the guy making monks to counter elephants man... feel dirty now
I fixed my sleep schedule! I'm european now
If we win it's working
I'm top score man! If u are top score is cuz u r doing something right
We win this game in exactly 5 minutes
Fuckers wall these days
I do care about your opinion tatoh
Our team composition is pikeman man 1111
Noooo! no my relics! relics give me a hope for a better tomorrow
sometimes i'm a little bit late and viper is a little bit mad
I want to stay on hill you dumbfuck
we re not allowed to praise viper here
people don't like when I'm myself. I don't even like me when I'm myself
Lierey is my adopted kid. I will make a man out of him
being in TS with aM is too many information at the same time and all the information is useless
can we start feudal? dark age too long man!
no no no... Scorps are viper thing. Ballista eles is my thing
damn right, it's all about being unique
double nothing is nothing man, easy maths!
i'm in secret to win games and to piss off viper
Best thing is to piss off viper and troll around and boom and then win the game
who needs boar when u can wall
if i'm fuck then we are all fuck
Portuguese and vietnamese now this is mbl dream. He can lame whoever he wants
I never get fucked
Kids in the game, kids outside the game, what the fuck is wrong with my life?
"enjoy point of view, i'm freaking playing here" DauT to nili cuz nili started to sling him in post imp game
oh fuck i made scouts instead of paladins. oh well it's ok they will think i'm out of gold
"let's host the girl. probably viper is playing with the girl"
I pray for the new age2 DE get smarter deers
what is the difference between a 2k and a 2k5? well u can go watch nili stream and then come back to mine and see the diference
everyday i fight those deers man! is so annoying
ModeratorVerifiedNightbot: Yes i'm trying to be the streamer cuz t90 is trying to be the player
i wish hera was here to share this amazing moment of casting t90
The good caster will need more sisha
When eagles kick in the problems begin
Why are we top score? probably because of me
"He doesn't read about civs" daut implying that enemy doesn't know about teutons bonus
ohhh now i have to quick wall everything.. let's better resign
we can go 2v2 and whoever gets nili is screwed
only nili knows what he is doing
i almost want to close the stream and go to hico's house to make fun of him
i should pm him to resing... i mean look at his score
to be fair deers are quite easy to push
lame teammates is vipers and mine speciallity
this was stupid... but it's ok, i'm stupid
come on spearmen, what are you doing? are you drunk or something?
what is he doing? OH WHAT I AM DOING???
"I don't want to deal with this shit anymore" proceeds to drop a fwd castle
cmon die you little girl
"maybe this is a bit bit agressive castle" Kappa dautCastle
Farms is the imperial age unit to make
i don't think even i could throw this game.. but never say never
"Fine.. die! See if i care" daut talking to a deer
fuck me if i know
"this is our homemap" few mins later "we did not practice this enough man" DauT casting Secret vs Suomi
There is no pride in laming in tournaments
Come on Tati get fletching and do something
They don't know how to play so they won
"i don't know man. I'm here just to cheer for Frantic" DauT kinda ignoring nili questions while casting Heresy vs Frantic
Indian camels? Frank camels seems to be the way!
come on monks, convert faster lads.
He forced me to do stupid moves
"I thought I was Jordan as well!"
did i lost villager? mm no? idk what happen
Fun fact! i didn't ask slam if he wanted to play. i just sign up both of us
"what friend? u have no friend tatoh! i'm your only friend"
Sansa Stark is like Jordan in Secret
aM plebs always trying to be Secret
"You lost tatoh! i won!" daut talking about a game where tatoh was his teammate
"MVP stands for Most important player" dautWat
I'm always romantic
You can do whatever you want. I will do the same
if I wanted to work I would get a job
ModeratorVerifiedNightbot: he thinks Khmer elephants are strong? wait.. just wait.
how do I quickwall out of this problem?
I cant get through the shield of the meat man!
they tickle shit out of me man
he only got monks hes not cool person (daut going full elephants into monks)
faith is useless I'm still getting converted
"Now i will go to watch your stream and watch you lose every game" DauT to viper at the end of the stream
It's one's personal opinion if u want to stay young or not
Age of Empires keeps you young
Is not trolling if it works
Deleting your TC in team game is disrespectful to your allies. You only do that in meaningless 1v1 tournaments
I have powers everywhere i go
Nili and the random 1500 needs to split... i prefer him
Why do u want me to play with no mistakes man? then we win and we start a new game. let's enjoy this one
Me good micro
Oh hera... you are a caster now! u should ask nili for caster coaching
they are trebing my ass man
The fuckers are fucking me man! i can't handle this!!!
Is not yours if it's under my TC
Don't "good luck have fun" me now
when somebody ask me to micro for them you know shit is really bad
yeah... people loves to smurf on my stream
"u need to forget everything that hera told you" DauT coaching Tek
Columbus reach The Americas faster than Viper Serbia
Viper lives in north pole. He knows Santa
Whatever i said I'm right man cuz i'm the older one here
I'm not a stubborn old man
I will go full mbl now on this guy... I need to take this out of my system
Man it's so laggy to micro like a beast
Someone is not doing anything and it's not me
We don't trade man! We kill!
I would kick you as well Tati
oh i spent like 1k wood on quickwalls! can't even build barrack now.. was worth it 11
oh i have counter to his units. Is called TC
there is a certain amount of games that u can play a proper army composition, after that unique units are too cool to resist
i'm that type of team mate
"We can't lose while we're winning"
I don't even know what i'm doing! Will i go castle age? or feudal?
Look at my top score and i don't even have a scout
Don't let that winter come to me Tati!
let me finish paladin upgrade first and then we can go and die
If u are a kid and u own the ball u have guaranteed a place in the game
If i had to replace viper with other player i would chose Jordan dautJordi
Camels are smarter than knights
It wasn't a prepared strategy. Just looked smart by accident
"no no! don't tell the enemies we hate water! let them think we love to micro galleys and shit" Daut discussing strategies with slam
PLaying safe in a tournament? what year is this?
We got 3 wins and we are badasses
Where is fire? oh he is playing team game alone
why can we just patrol each others like normal humans ?
hope the scouts will be gentle on me
You can't raid me, I don't have anything
Quite a daut lumbercamp
i have a few demos... how many is a few? less than one
If artofthetroll was in my wedding, people will confusing him with my son
Viper: "U didn't invite MBL to your wedding cuz he lames you?" DauT: "I should invite him and kick his ass"
You can basically lick tati before tequila. cuz he is so salty
I'm memb man, I'm a caster man. what next? BibleThump
Good luck guys, hope you lose
Did hera give you coach and you are back to 1600 again?
wtf man! slam is top15 player man! and no! he doesn't come up with strategies! but he listen and he performs
Nothing is more important for me that your love viper
who cares about micro when enemy is losing villagers
oh man what's my civ? .. Elephantos man!!!
I lost all my economy to lions
I'm not dead, he is dead!
tatoh! go with jordan man! fuck viper
Hera is like mini mbl man
daut: "oh we can teamwall tati! lets teamwall" viper: "yeah we can teamwall" daut: "nobody ask you"
we make units and kill
bad luck in 4 games is not bad luck
So much potential to make fun of the people i know
Did you burn your house?
When you believe hard enough your tower may hit something
How can you steal T90 content now that you are playing aoe1 viper?
Just plug off the cable! there is always a way to fake a restart
This is regicide, we always win
Screw the money, making fun of viper is all that matters
I will win aoe1 tournament and never play it again. I will say then "i'm the best aoe1 player, i'm retired now"
oh!!!! look at his villagers!! 11 welcome to the defeated land
Everything more than 2 clicks is hard work
Win this and brag in tatoh's face is the best prize i can get
I need to wake up at least at 2pm to don't miss my son's birthday
I need my beauty sleep
It's really colorful in my side of the map
"At least I have one relic" DauT after losing control of all his golds
We destroy one guy and then we wall
Well sorry for being that good
I want castle here. I get what i want
I was touched man WutFace
(DauT to SY in a TG Nomad) compared to these guys mbl is more fun to play against!!
his walls got walls man
I'm gonna treb his ass to the freaking dark age
Worst case scenario I will end this game with an amazing DauT castle
Freaking tati! stop drinking and smoking! Is bad for your health
There is always a fail
If there is a wall there is a fail
I win to the deer but i lost to the boar
I'm a little bit mbl these days
"I would have won this game earlier" Daut casting Max vs Viper
Shit is getting trickier everyday man
"I have no clue what i'm doing with my life"
I have no clue why u guys are watching this shit
This is family friendly stream man! I have family and i am friendly
I like lucky
I don't trashtalk fire man, i tell the true. Is not trashtalk if its true
don’t fuck, man...girl!
zombie game is something mbl would enjoy. just wall up and make towers!
nah i won't be greedy... i think i have been making to many daut castles in my life
But what you must understand, I am a lazy fuck.
He doesn't give a single fuck man
Man in old days i prefered to type instead of talking but nowadays i'm too lazy to type
I know u guys wanted a daut castle but i can't
I spent all day microing farms man
No i don't know what a daut castle is. Never made one of those. But sounds like an amazing thing
I will put baby on webcam after i beat viper in memb's tournament
you are full of advices viper.. while booming at home
"what the bell man? what the fricking bell"
if you have your own private island and cant find your sheep, then something is wrong with you.
man, it's not even my fault making daut mining camps, game works against me
tati man, let's play crazy settings so mbl is forced to cast it.
My daughter is only learning how to eat and poop man. but she will learn aoe soon
2k players don't wall man! they believe!
Yes viper... I'm comparing you to jordan... I'm mean both live in germany now
I sent viper back to norway to collect some back from his skill
"My favourite food? Snake meat, haha!"
What if i surprise him going scouts... Sounds like a suicide to me
I can outmicro 10year olds
he is getting to that rate when u play mbl daily
What unit composition should i go for... I know! TCs!!!
People always find the way to fuck good things
”I Will never get this deer, this deer is asshole”
"little he knows that I don't micro. I just spam"
"Time for my famous Man-at-arms micro!"
Two farm economy is not enough for villager production, just saying
do these games ever end? asking for a friend - daut playing BF
Such a defensive trapping fucker man!
Actually let's give viper host. If I'm host game will never start
MABAO MAN!! MABAO
We are all turning into MBLs
and BAM! i defeated them
Mabao? Mabao my ass man! i go BAMbao man! bam bam! First BoomBao then BAMmao
When does my playstyle makes sense?
When you get berbers you must play like MBL
untouched, my ass!
you give me host, i put an add then end the stream
oh he picked his color. He is not fucking around
I prefer streaming that been babysitting all night
My sleep schedule is megarandom again
asssjam question: "daut when u get a haircut what do you ask for?" I show them a picture of slam and they do their best
Yes! you got scout! you are amazing! Fuck off now!!
I think i will buy myself a one little castle...maybe a one little daut castle
Let's ban that forest pond thing
We can go for goldrush is kinda regicide
I hate this man i don't have regicide and i don't have mayans
Oh we can give them koreans and when they try to trush we BAM it
Is not bam is is BAM IT! like destroy them
"You may experience some noise in the background" DauT when his kids start to cry
Oh man! dog! baby! BacT color!! what else do i have to deal with
"I ban when i wanna ban!" daut to the admin of two pools tournament
"TC is overrated" daut to slam when slam was losing his only tc to push and daut raiding instead of help him
"This is going to be the best comeback you guys ever saw" daut before dropping a random daut castle dautCastle
He is trying to honor me with daut castles
"Let's fast forward dark age because i don't want to feel depressed watching my viewers" Daut while casting DCL
ModeratorVerifiedNightbot: i will lure deers first. if you guys want my scout wait for 10mins
"they didnt know i lost 4vills in dark age" daut during interview after winning ecl
i will prismata his ass
"The oldest trick in the book of how to beat arina clowns" DauT while trushing terror on arena
Respect my tower rush man! don't counter tower
Vaaats wrong with this game today man! everybody is laming something... and that something is me
At my prime? my prime never ends man
ok ok i know the map, i have the plan, you are dead
What are you doing? are you booming like a chicken???
It's all about lying man. It gets easier every time
"I do nothing and I have time for nothing"
Delete yourself
who is this player, the fishing ship is my unit, not archer, not mangonel, i play only with fishing ship from now on https://clips.twitch.tv/PolishedJazzyYakCharlieBitMe
Me and JorDan best of 21. loser joins aM! LUL
"I believe in you light fuckers" Daut sending light cavs to kill a group of xbos on his base
(daut doing dm vs tati) oh, sick I got goths. what civ is tati? oh fuck. it's mirror.
of course its towerfest man. it's like Oktoberfest but with towers.
5 is the magic number man. if you have 5 of something man you can fight.
hera you're welcome in my tc man. this is not aM!
I actually have economy, problem is I have no ally!
I don't click man
about quickwalling: I wouldn't do it even if I could
so that's what a daut castle looks like, kind of good when it doesn't happen to me!
"No no You do T90 and i do Memb" Daut casting with Hera
Do you know halberdiers used to no exist
only thing worse than scheduling with fire is been in same room with fire
Good luck with that man! that's your guy man! i cleaned my guy man, i'm chilling and booming now
"what did we learn last game guys?"
Feed my kids with blood of my enemies? i'm not raising mosquitoes here man
I have style man
I don't need to make tower! i'm beast
guard it man! guard it with your life!
"How did guy entered to my game? he is not supposed to be in my game" Daut being raided by the other pocket
Probably boars are hosting their own talk show to make fun of us
"why is he talking like Yoda man, berbers is he.. OH FUCK WHAT?" Daut talking random stuff when suddenly boar kill his villager
Maybe i should start respecting people